01. Passion Days 
https://csharp-book.softuni.org/Content/Chapter-9-2-problems-for-champions-part-2/passion-days/passion-days.html

Lina has a real shopping passion. When she has some money, she immediately goes to the closest shopping center (mall) and tries to spend as much as she can on clothes, bags and shoes. But her favorite thing are winter sales.
Our task is to analyze her strange behavior and calculate the purchases that Lina does when she enters the mall, as well as the money she has left when the shopping is over. 
All prices and money are in BGN (Bulgarian levs, lv).

The first line of the input will pass the amount that Lina has before she starts shopping.
After that, upon reading the "mall.Enter" command, Lina enters the mall and starts shopping until the "mall.
Exit" command is given.
When Lina starts shopping, on each line of the input you will be given strings that are actions performed by Lina.
Each symbol in the string is a purchase or another action. 
String commands contain only symbols of the ASCII table. 
The ASCII code of each sign is related to what Lina must pay for each of the goods.
You need to interpret the symbols in the following way:

If the symbol is a capital letter, Lina gets a 50% discount, which means that you must decrease the money she has by 50% of the numeric representation of the symbol from the ASCII table.
If the symbol is a small letter, Lina gets a 70% discount, which means that you must decrease the money she has by 30% of the numeric representation of the symbol from the ASCII table.
If the symbol is "%", Lina makes a purchase that decreases her money in half.
If the symbol is "*", Lina withdraws money from her debit card and adds 10 lv. to her available funds.
If the symbol is different from all of the aforementioned, Lina just makes a purchase without discount, and in this case you should simply subtract the value of the symbol from the ASCII table from her available funds.
If a certain value of her purchases is higher than her current available funds, Lina DOES NOT make the purchase. Lina's funds cannot be less than 0.

The shopping ends when the "mall.Exit" command is given. When this happens, you need to print the number of purchases made and the money that Lina has left.

Input Data
The input data must be read from the console. The first line of the input will indicate the amount that Lina has before starting to purchase. On each of the following lines there will be a particular command. After you read the command "mall.Enter", on each of the following lines you will be given strings holding information regarding the purchases / actions that Lina wants to perform. These strings will keep being passed, until the "mall.Exit" command is given.

Always only one "mall.Enter" command will be given, as well as only one "mall.Exit" command.

Output Data
The output data must be printed on the console. When shopping is over, you must print on the console a particular output depending on what purchases have been made.

If no purchases have been made – "No purchases. Money left: {remaining funds} lv."
If at least one purchase is made – "{number of purchases} purchases. Money left: {remaining funds} lv."
The funds must be printed with accuracy of up to 2 symbols after the decimal point.

Constraints
Money is a float number within the range: [0 - 7.9 x 1028].
The number of strings between "mall.Enter" and "mall.Exit" will be within the range: [1-20].
The number of symbols in each string that represents a command will be within the range: [1-20].
Allowed execution time: 0.1 seconds.
Allowed memory: 16 MB.

Input	        Output	        Comments
110
mall.Enter
d
mall.Exit	    1 purchases. 
              Money left: 
              80.00 lv.	    ‘d’ has an ASCII code of 100. ‘d’ is a small letter, this is why Lina gets a 70% discount. She spends 30% of                              100, which is 30 lv. After this purchase, she has: 110 - 30 = 80 lv.

110
mall.Enter
%
mall.Exit	  1 purchases. 
            Money left:
            55.00 lv.
